Check for missing intent value in stories and rules and raise exception (#8648)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/8587.bugfix.md

> Catch AttributeError in YamlStoryReader method when intent value is missing in stories or rules and re-raise as RasaException.

Reviewer: optional: Users probably don't know the `YAMLStoryReaderr` so I'd not expose the information to them and make it a bit easier to understand.
```suggestion
Catch `AttributeError` when reading stories in YAML format when intent value is missing in stories or rules and re-raise as `RasaException`.
```

Reviewer: should this really be a `misc` changelog as it doesn't really affect the users?
